Hello future me! These are the (painful) steps I took to reach an ubuntu 20.04 system that would boot. I did succeed, and actually managed to not only start up the Nvidia 3070 on boot to use for the xorg server, I am able to switch between dedicated graphics and integrated graphics freely. Cool huh?

Before trying anything, I tried to install Ubuntu, as is, without doing anything. I installed the third-party drivers during installation. On the first boot, the system was super glitchy. It still worked, and it did run using the 3070, but it never booted again and resulting in a black screen.

This then led me to https://www.reddit.com/r/Asustuf/comments/li6vfj/anyone_is_dual_booting_windows_and_ubuntu/, a fellow user of the same brand. While their advice was non applicable to me, it did say this: "But keep in mind, Nouveau drivers suck for this laptop". I uninstalled the "xserver-xorg-video-nouveau" package using a chrooted Arch LiveCD (make sure that xserver-xorg-video-nvidia and xserver-org-video-intel are installed) and the system booted perfectly. 

However, like my Arch Installation, the system only used intel graphics, as seen by using glxinfo | grep "renderer". I fiddled around a bit and found that going into "Additional Drivers" in the Ubuntu settings and changing the graphic drivers from Nouveau to one of the Nvidia properitary drivers (the 470 one; I completely guessed randomly lmao) enabled me to dynamically change between the different graphics by going into the Nvidia Settings DASH app; Keep in mind that the Nvidia app did not work at all on the open source drivers. 

With all of this, it does not crash. However, you may see some glitches time to time. For best results, I would recommend switching the window driver from wayland to xorg in ubuntu by editing /etc/gdm3/custom.conf

In addition, for some reason, closing the lid of the laptop and opening it again 1 minute later leaves you to a black screen with a single white cursor; At this point, the system has crashed. The reason this is happening is because Ubuntu automatically suspends the entire machine, and in the case of this laptop, is unable to boot back up. Simply install gnome-tweaks, turn off suspend on lid close, and you are good to go! (Doing this will result in the expected behaviour of simply going back to where you where when you open the lid)

NOTE: Even with all of this, there was still the occasional graphical glitch. Currently I apt autoremoved all the old xorg drivers once I switched to the nvidia-propiertary drivers and everything seems perfectly smooth

And, that's it! With that, you should have a fully, 100% no issue Ubuntu installation. 
